Updates for the statistics usability enhancement feature (predicate columns, config persistence, synchronous loading) (#7412)
pingcap/docs: tidb-configuration-file.md

+ Controls whether an expression index can be created. Since TiDB v5.2.0, if the function in an expression is safe, you can create an expression index directly based on this function without enabling this configuration. If you want to create an expression index based on other functions, you can enable this configuration, but correctness issues might exist. By querying the `tidb_allow_function_for_expression_index` variable, you can get the functions that are safe to be directly used for creating an expression.
+ Default value: `false`

### `stats-load-concurrency` <span class="version-mark">New in v5.4.0</span>

> **WARNING:**
>

> > Currently, synchronously loading statistics is an experimental feature. It is not recommended that you use it in production environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Synchronously loading statistics is an experimental feature in v5.4.0 and is not recommended for production.
```

Author: ditto

> + The maximum column number that the TiDB synchronously loading statistics feature can process concurrently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The maximum number of columns that the TiDB synchronously loading statistics feature can process concurrently.
```

+ Default value: `5`
+ Currently, the valid value range is `[1, 128]`.

### `stats-load-queue-size` <span class="version-mark">New in v5.4.0</span>

> **WARNING:**
>

> > Currently, synchronously loading statistics is an experimental feature. It is not recommended that you use it in production environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Synchronously loading statistics is an experimental feature in v5.4.0 and is not recommended for production.
```

Author: ditto

> + The maximum column number of requests that the TiDB synchronously loading statistics feature can cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The maximum number of columns of which requests can be cached by the TiDB synchronously loading statistics feature.
```

> + The maximum column number of requests that the TiDB synchronously loading statistics feature can cache.

Author: ```suggestion
+ The maximum number of column requests that the TiDB synchronously loading statistics feature can cache.
```
